1. Main page
Contains links on pages 2 and 8: Departments and Staff

2. Departments page
Contains button "main", linked with page 1, Main page.
Contains button “add department”, linked with page 4, Department edit page. 
Contains list of all departments. Each department name is linked with page 3, Department info page. 
Contains search panel, which, after using, changed departments list in accordance with the imposed restrictions. Search parameters: Department name, department size.

3. Department info page
Contains “Delete” button, which deletes current department and returns user on page 2, Departments page.
Contains “Edit” button, which moves user on page 4, Department edit page.
Contains “Return” button, which moves user on page 2, Departments page.
Contains “Name” filed with current department name.
Contains “Director” field, with current department director name, linked with according page 9, Staff member info page.
Contains “Head department” filed, with current department head department name, linked with according page 3, Department info page.
Contains list of sub-departments, each of them is linked with according page 3, Department info page.
Contains list of positions. If any staff member holds a position, his name is placed near position name and is linked with according page 9, Staff member info page.

4. Department edit page
Contains “Return” button, which moves user on page 3, Department info page.
Contains “Confirm” button, which saves result and moves user on page 3, Department info page.
Contains “Add position” button, linked with page 5, Position edit page.
Contains editable “Name” field.
Contains “Director” button, connected with page 6, Staff member assignment page.
Contains “Head department” button, connected with page 7, Department assignment page.
Contains positions list, each is clickable and connected with page 5, Position edit page.

5. Position edit page
Contains editable fileds “Name”, “Size” and “Duties”.
Contains “Return” button, which moves user on page 4, Department edit page.
Contains “Confirm” button, which saves result and moves user on page 4, Department edit page.

6. Staff member assignment page
Contains “Return” button, which moves user on page 4, Department edit page.
Contain list of staff members. Each is clickable and connected with page 4, Department edit page. 
Contains staff search panel. Changing search parameters changes list of staff members.

7. Department assignment page
Contains list of all departments. Each department name is linked with page 4, Department edit page. 
Contains search panel, which, after using, changed departments list in accordance with the imposed restrictions. Search parameters: Department name, department size.
Contains “Return” button, connected with page 4, Department edit page.

8. Staff page
Contains button "main", linked with page 1, Main page.
Contains button “add staff member”, linked with page 10, Staff member edit page. 
Contains list of all staff members. Each staff member name is linked with page 9, Staff member info page. 
Contains search panel, which, after using, changed staff members list in accordance with the imposed restrictions. Search parameters: Staff member name, date of employment.

9. Staff member info page
Contains fields with staff member information.
Contains “Delete” button, connected with page 8, Staff page.
Contains “Return” button, connected with page 8, Staff page.
Contains list of held positions with button “Show history”, which adds last positions. Position departments are clickable and connected with page 3, Department info page.

10. Staff member edit page
Contains editable fields with staff member information.
Contains “Return” button, connected with page 9,  Staff member info page.
Contains “Confirm” button, connected with page 9, Staff member info page.
