1.  Department info
	1.1 Get department structure
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. On Department info page the result is placed.
	1.2 Get department employees list
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. On Department info page the result is placed.
	1.3 Get department director
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. On Department info page go to Staff member page by clicking on “Director” field .
	1.4 Get department positions list
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. On Department info page the result is placed.
	1.5 Get department position info
	 	From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. On Department info page the result is placed.
2. Change of department 
	2.1 Add department
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. From Departments page go to Department edit page by clicking on “Add department” button. After entering department description, return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
	2.2 Remove department
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element. On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. Return to previous page via pressing “Delete” button.
	2.3 Change department info
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. From Department info page go to Department edit page via clicking on “Edit” button. After entering data return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.

	2.4 Add staff member on a position
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. Go to Staff member assignment page by clicking on according position, choose staff member and return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
	2.5 Remove employee from a position
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. Click on button “Fire” on according position to fire a staff member from a position.	
	2.6 Add position
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. From Department info page go to Department edit page via clicking on “Edit” button. Go to Position edit page by clicking on “Add position” button. Enter new data and return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
	2.7 Remove position
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. From Department info page go to Department edit page via clicking on “Edit” button. Remove according position via clicking on “Remove” button near with position name.
	2.8 Change position info
		From Main page go to Departments page via clicking on corresponding element.  On Departments page find department via using search panel and choosing according department. From Department info page go to Department edit page via clicking on “Edit” button. Go to Position edit page by clicking on according position. Enter new data and return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
3. Staff info
	3.1 Get staff members list
		From Main page go to Staff page via clicking on corresponding element. On Staff members page find according members via using search panel. 
	3.2 Get staff member info
		From Main page go to Staff page via clicking on corresponding element. On Staff members page find according members via using search panel.  Go to Staff member info page via clicking on according member name.
4. Change of staff
	4.1 Add staff member
		 From Main page go to Staff page via clicking on corresponding element. Go to Staff edit page via clicking on “Add member” button, enter new data and return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
	4.2 Remove staff member
		From Main page go to Staff page via clicking on corresponding element. On Staff members page find according members via using search panel.  Go to Staff member info page via clicking on according member name. Return to previous page via clicking on “Remove” button.
	4.3 Change staff member info	
		From Main page go to Staff page via clicking on corresponding element. On Staff members page find according members via using search panel.  Go to Staff member info page via clicking on according member name. Go to Staff member edit page via clicking on “Edit” button, enter new data and return to previous page via clicking on “Confirm” button.
